---
layout: post
title: "Projects"
date: 2014-03-07 16:28:26
categories: Arch Linux
permalink: projects.html
---
This is a page to host my projects.

RICK: Just test me on the stuff, will you? [Indicating a different page] There!

NEIL: Alright, alright, don't get uncool and heavy. "Crop rotation in the 14th century..."

RICK: Right. [reciting] "Crop rotation in the 14th century was much more widespread..."

NEIL: "Considerably".

RICK: What?

NEIL: It's "considerably more widespread", not "much more".

RICK: Well?

NEIL: Well, you said, "do it properly."

RICK: Well, not that much, you stupid bloody hippie!

NEIL: You said, "do it properly and don't skip bits!" How was I to know that wasn't important?

RICK: Well it wasn't important, alright? Shall we just get on and stop wasting time like this? Right. "Crop rotation in the 14th century was _considerably_ more widespread...after..." God, I know this...don't tell me..."after 1172." [Neil is s ilent] Well, was I right?

NEIL: No, but I didn't think it was important.

RICK: Well, what was it, then?

NEIL: You just said not to tell you.

RICK: I bloody well did not!

NEIL: Yes you did! You said, "Don't tell me" just before you said, "1172."

RICK: But I only meant for a minute!

NEIL: What, a minute from now, or a minute from then?

RICK: Look, just shut up and tell me the answer!

NEIL: Shut up AND tell you the answer?

RICK: JUST TELL ME THE ANSWER!

NEIL: John.

RICK: Thank you..."John"?

NEIL: Yeah, "John" is the answer.

RICK: "Crop rotation in the 14th century was considerably more widespread after John?

NEIL: "...Lloyd invented the patent crop rotator."

RICK: Oh, yes, I knew it, I bloody knew it!

NEIL: You didn't, you didn't, you said "1172"! That's not a bit like "John".

RICK: [hysterical] You spiteful bastard, Neil! Just because you've done loads and loads of work for this, just because you're a creepy little swot you've done about 15 million tons of work for this, like a girl, and I'm so hard and street and cool that I've done absolutely bugger all, and you've done loads, look at it, loads and loads, loads and loads... [he starts making a mess of Neil's papers]

NEIL: Stop it, Rick! It's only University Challenge, Rick, it's only University Challenge! 